psh: restructure basic.py to psh module and add cat command test (#53)
phoenix-rtos/phoenix-rtos-tests: psh/tools/README.md

* `assert_prompt_fail(pexpect_proc, msg, timeout)` - assert, that there is no psh prompt in the read buffer.

* `assert_exec(pexpect_proc, prog, expected, msg)` - same as `assert_cmd`, but input is selected appropriately for the current target platform (using sysexec or /bin/prog_name). So for example instead of using `assert_cmd('/bin/psh')` or `assert_cmd('sysexec psh')` use `assert_exec(prog='psh')`.

* `init(pexpect_proc)` - runs psh and next, asserts the first prompt.

The `pexpect_proc` argument is the [pexpect](https://pexpect.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api/index.html) process returned by `pexpect.spawn()` method. Each functional test has the spawned process passed in the argument, which is `p`, please see examples below.

## The usage examples

* The error statement assertion
  
  ```python
  import psh.tools.psh as psh

  def harness(p):
      psh.init(p)
      fname = 'nonexistentFile'
      cmd = f'cat {fname}'
      statement = f'cat: {fname} no such file'

      psh.assert_cmd(p, cmd, expected=statement)
  ```

> * The multi-line Hello World assertion (assuming that, `helloworld` binary, which prints 'Hello\nWorld' is provided)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The multi-line Hello World assertion (assuming that, `helloworld` binary, which prints 'Hello\nWorld\n' is provided)
```
